Now, it's time to configure your development environment to be able
to use Apache POI with your Java application. Looking back at the
journey you've come so far in this course and where you are now, in
the first part of the course,
you learned how to integrate the Apache PDFBox API with the Java application.
The next stop of the journey is for learning the Apache POI API. What are
the dependencies required for using the Apache POI API in your Java
application. Well, you will see what they are in this module, and also,
the two ways in which you can configure Apache POI in a Java application,
which is downloading and setting up the JAR files and configuring using
the Maven pom.xml.
You will see it in action in the configuration demo, and I'd
request you to follow along by downloading and working on the sample project in exercise files of the module.